
Budgie is a chip that serves as the main data path element in the 
A1200 system. It provides the interface between the 32-bit processor 
bus and the 32-bit chip memory bus, generates the RAS and CAS 
select signals from the RAS and CAS timing signals that Alice 
supports. It also provides a 16-bit bus buffer which can be used for 
either an expansion bus or in this case the PCMCIA port data buffer. It 
also includes some miscellaneous functions, notably processor clock 
generation and 28Mhz/Genlock clock multiplexing.
It is implemented as a CMOS ASIC in a 128 Pin SMT package.
AdvancedAmiga 1200 System   11
Internally, the data path element is similar to Bridgette or the bus 
buffer/bridge logic implemented on the A3000 system. Data can be 
routed to/from the 32-bit processor port to either half of the 32-bit chip 
memory bus. Data can be bridged from the low order half of the chip 
memory bus to the high order half to support 16-bit Amiga chip 
accesses. Data read from memory is latched to meet the processor 
data hold requirements. CAS select logic is used to prevent contention 
when bridging the two halves of the chip bus.

The spare 16-bit expansion port(used for PCMCIA duty in the A1200) 
provides a simple path to/from the 16-bit processor port. The direction 
is dependent on the X-NOR of R_W and _BGACK signals to support 
either expansion bus or several purpose buffer requirements.

The memory decoding takes the RAS and CAS timing signals 
provided by Alice and the multiplexed address bus and generates 
appropriate selection for 32-bit accesses. It also uses A1/A0 and 
SIZ1/SIZ0 on processor accesses to do the right decoding there.

It supports 2-banks of 32 bit memory with 9-bit addressing for a total of 
2M-bytes of chip memory. RAS selection is used for bank selection, 
CAS selection is used for byte write control and to avoid contention on 
bridged reads. Refrcsh is done with CAS before RAS and the logic 
must assert all RAS and CAS signals during refresh cycles.

The processor clock generation simply X-NORS the 7MHz and *CDAC 
clocks to generate a 14MHz processor clock. The 28MHz/Genlock 
clock multiplexor is a simple 2 input multiplexor. It has no connection 
with the rest of the logic and can be used for other functions if desired. 
The CCK/4 output is provided for the PAL color burst generation 
circuitry.
